you
the shark wasn't hunting but moving
quickly as if searching for its next
meal it was just way too fast for any of
us to swim alongside
we're really struggling to keep up I
think I'm gonna have to try and get on
to scuba
up until now I've been using a mask and
snorkel wasn't really working going
after the whale shark and snorkel so I'm
swapping over into my scuba mask
hopefully that give me more chance to be
down at his level and try and keep pace
with it and it'll mean I'll be able to
talk to you
would
our timing was perfect we jumped in
practically on top of the shark and this
time it was demonstrating its deadly
abilities meaning when he's eating like
this you can see that this is actually
the hunter look at that go think great
throw you planted in that huge mouth you
just go pick a food Oh II I just got
clobbered